Wit, n.:
	The salt with which the American Humorist spoils his cookery
	... by leaving it out.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
I consider the day misspent that I am not either charged with a crime,
or arrested for one.
		-- "Ratsy" Tourbillon
They just buzzed and buzzed...buzzed.
Make it right before you make it faster.
"The way of the world is to praise dead saints and prosecute live ones."
 -- Nathaniel Howe
Bare feet magnetize sharp metal objects so they point upward from the
floor -- especially in the dark.
I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.
"You are WRONG, you ol' brass-breasted fascist poop!"
-- Bloom County
Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche
Desist from enumerating your fowl prior to their emergence from the shell.
You can never do just one thing.
		-- Hardin
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
		-- Publilius Syrus
Nonsense.  Space is blue and birds fly through it.
		-- Heisenberg
Tan me hide when I'm dead, Fred,
Tan me hide when I'm dead.
So we tanned his hide when he died, Clyde,
It's hanging there on the shed.

All together now...
	Tie me kangaroo down, sport,
	Tie me kangaroo down.
	Tie me kangaroo down, sport,
	Tie me kangaroo down.
The Great Movie Posters:

SHE TOOK ON A WHOLE GANG! A howling hellcat humping a hot steel hog
on a roaring rampage of revenge!
		-- Bury Me an Angel (1972)

WHAT'S THE SECRET INGREDIENT USED BY THE MAD BUTCHER FOR HIS SUPERB SAUSAGES?
		-- Meat is Meat (1972)

TODAY the Pond!
TOMORROW the World!
		-- Frogs (1972)
They [preachers] dread the advance of science as witches do the approach
of daylight and scowl on the fatal harbinger announcing the subversions
of the duperies on which they live.
- Thomas Jefferson
What this country needs is a good five dollar plasma weapon.
We rarely find anyone who can say he has lived a happy life, and who,
content with his life, can retire from the world like a satisfied guest.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
AMAZING BUT TRUE ...
	If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to end
	across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.
If I traveled to the end of the rainbow
As Dame Fortune did intend,
Murphy would be there to tell me
The pot's at the other end.
		-- Bert Whitney
phosflink:
	To flick a bulb on and off when it burns out (as if, somehow, that
	will bring it back to life).
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
"Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time."
		-- Steven Wright
Look, we trade every day out there with hustlers, deal-makers, shysters,
con-men.  That's the way businesses get started.  That's the way this
country was built.
		-- Hubert Allen
"Would I turn on the gas if my pal Mugsy were in there?"
   "You might, rabbit, you might!"
-- Looney Tunes, Bugs and Thugs (1954, Friz Freleng)
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until
drops of blood form on your forehead.
		-- Gene Fowler
	"The pyramid is opening!"
	"Which one?"
	"The one with the ever-widening hole in it!"
		-- Firesign Theater, "How Can You Be In Two Places At
		   Once When You're Not Anywhere At All"
bureaucrat, n:
	A politician who has tenure.
Power corrupts.  Absolute power is kind of neat.
		-- John Lehman, Secretary of the Navy, 1981-1987
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
A child of five could understand this!  Fetch me a child of five.
Jim, it's Jack.  I'm at the airport.  I'm going to Tokyo and wanna pay
you the five-hundred I owe you.  Catch you next year when I get back!
		-- "The Rockford Files"
It is common sense to take a method and try it.  If it fails,
admit it frankly and try another.  But above all, try something.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt
Do you know the difference between education and experience?  Education
is what you get when you read the fine print; experience is what you get
when you don't.
		-- Pete Seeger
Department chairmen never die, they just lose their faculties.
How many priests are needed for a Boston Mass?
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of APL, I shall fear no
evil, for I can string six primitive monadic and dyadic operators together.
		-- Steve Higgins
Thus spake the master programmer:
	"After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Near the Studio Jean Cocteau
On the Rue des Ecoles
lived an old man
with a blind dog
Every evening I would see him
guiding the dog along
the sidewalk, keeping
a firm grip on the leash
so that the dog wouldn't
run into a passerby
Sometimes the dog would stop
and look up at the sky
Once the old man
noticed me watching the dog
and he said, "Oh, yes,
this one knows
when the moon is out,
he can feel it on his face"
		-- Barry Gifford
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #6

	"But, soft!  What light through yonder window breaks?"
	It's nothing, honey.  Go back to sleep.
"Now I've got the bead on you with MY disintegrating gun.  And when it 
disintegrates, it disintegrates.  (pulls trigger)  Well, what you do know, 
it disintegrated."
-- Duck Dodgers in the 24th and a half century
I've always felt sorry for people that don't drink -- remember,
when they wake up, that's as good as they're gonna feel all day!
If I were a grave-digger or even a hangman, there are some people I could
work for with a great deal of enjoyment.
		-- Douglas Jerrold
It is enough to make one sympathize with a tyrant for the determination
of his courtiers to deceive him for their own personal ends...
		-- Russell Baker and Charles Peters
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
God runs electromagnetics by wave theory on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday,
and the Devil runs them by quantum theory on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.
		-- William Bragg
The English country gentleman galloping after a fox -- the unspeakable
in full pursuit of the uneatable.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "A Woman of No Importance"
I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.
		-- Steven Wright
It's a lot of fun being alive ... I wonder if my bed is made?!?
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
Coach: What would you say to a beer, Normie?
Norm:  Daddy wuvs you.
		-- Cheers, The Mail Goes to Jail

Sam:  What'd you like, Normie?
Norm: A reason to live.  Gimme another beer.
		-- Cheers, Behind Every Great Man

Sam:  What will you have, Norm?
Norm: Well, I'm in a gambling mood, Sammy.  I'll take a glass of whatever
      comes out of that tap.
Sam:  Oh, looks like beer, Norm.
Norm: Call me Mister Lucky.
		-- Cheers, The Executive's Executioner
"But I don't like Spam!!!!"
Youth had been a habit of hers so long that she could not part with it.
Barometer, n.:
	An ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we
	are having.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Might as well be frank, monsieur.  It would take a miracle to get you out
of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
		-- Casablanca
He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
"OK, now let's look at four dimensions on the blackboard."
		-- Dr. Joy
GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#7):  April 2, 1751

Issac Newton becomes discouraged when he falls up a flight of stairs.
WHO sees a BEACH BUNNY sobbing on a SHAG RUG?!
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
A boy can learn a lot from a dog: obedience, loyalty, and the importance
of turning around three times before lying down.
		-- Robert Benchley
Put no trust in cryptic comments.
